feat: add auto cancel after failures flag (#772)
cypress-io/github-action: README.md

- Run only some [spec files](#specs)
- Test [project in subfolder](#project)
- [Record results](#record-test-results-on-cypress-cloud) on Cypress Cloud
- Specify [auto cancel](#specify-auto-cancel-after-failures) after failures
- Tag [recordings](#tag-recordings)

> - [Quiet output](#quiet-flag)

Reviewer: Quiet output is now in the list twice. This one needs to be removed.

You can pass multiple tags using commas like `tag: node-10,nightly,staging`.

### Specify auto cancel after failures

> Passes the number of failed runs to cancel a run after when using the [Cypress Cloud Auto Cancellation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/cloud/smart-orchestration#Auto-Cancellation) feature.

Reviewer 2: I think we can make this a little more clear. Maybe something like...

```suggestion
You can instruct your test run to automatically cancel after a specified number of tests have failed. Specify the number of failed tests that will cancel a run when using the [Cypress Cloud Auto Cancellation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/cloud/smart-orchestration#Auto-Cancellation) feature.
```

This feature requires Cypress 12.x or later and a [Cypress Cloud Business or Enterprise](https://www.cypress.io/cloud/) account.

```yml
name: Cypress E2E Tests
on: [push]
jobs:
  cypress-run:
    runs-on: ubuntu-22.04
    name: E2E
    steps:
      - name: Setup Node
        uses: actions/setup-node@v3
        with:

>           node-version: 18

Reviewer 2: Is node 18 required for this? `node-version` is technically optional, but recommended. I'm just thinking from a docs maintenance standpoint, maybe we consider using the a latest option to be more durable? https://github.com/actions/setup-node#supported-version-syntax

>           node-version: 18

Reviewer: This does not affect the version of Node.js which `cypress-io/github-actions@v5` runs under because it always uses `node16`.

I suggest to remove this step from the example.

Reviewer 2: Right, I know we're still rectifying that elsewhere. Makes sense.

Author: removed.
